# Software-Engineering-Project-
Project thesis/ objective: We can hire lawyers easily. This project will save time for our consumers and give them a proper hiring solution. Furthermore, it will reduce the cost of hiring. Ukeel will be an online legal service app where users can get 24/7 video consultations from lawyers. Ukeel will use 256-bit encryption to secure the video consultation. Users can also keep their previous consultation history. A lawyer can join the platform using our simple boarding process. We will verify every lawyer to make sure only authorized lawyers are providing consultation using our updated solutions. Because this platform will save people’s time and money. In our solution, users will search for a lawyer by specialty and make payments online and pay fees required by the lawyer. Then lawyer makes a video call to do the consultation. This platform will generate revenue from the users. We will develop an application to provide the ultimate solution of social, safety and legal issues of the society. Our target customer will be in the age group of 18 to 40 and the need of the service has no age limits. When we are looking for a lawyer. We don't really get the exact one we need instantly so we have to search for it and get some hassle for that and here the Ukeel application comes from. It really helps to find a well-mannered certified capable lawyer for the consumer and that system makes daily life easier. and that's called the development of a society when we modernize the system. As we are working in Bangladesh, there is no existing solution for that, and we are the first one to come with this kind of application to bring people modernized and make their work easier. In the future we can also work with different varieties of laws.
